;;; TOOL: run-interp-spec
;;; STDIN_FILE: third_party/testsuite/proposals/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast
;;; ARGS*: --enable-saturating-float-to-int
(;; STDOUT ;;;
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:78: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:79: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:80: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:81: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:82: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:83: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:84: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:85: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:100: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:101: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:102: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:103: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:104: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:105: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:106: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:107: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:123: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:124: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:125: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:126: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:127: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:128: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:129: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:130: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:146: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:147: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:148: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:149: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:150: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:151: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:152: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:153: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:154: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:155: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:156: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:174: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:175: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:176: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:177: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:178: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:179: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:180: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:181: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:194: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:195: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:196: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:197: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:198: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:199: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:200: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:201: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:219: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:220: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:221: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:222: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:223: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:224: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:225: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:226: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:243: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:244: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:245: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:246: assert_trap passed: integer overflow
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:247: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:248: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:249: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
out/test/spec/nontrapping-float-to-int-conversions/conversions.wast:250: assert_trap passed: invalid conversion to integer
581/581 tests passed.
;;; STDOUT ;;)
